React Toolbar content and feedback updates (#220)
patternfly/training-scenarios: react-components/toolbar-filter/intro.md

In this tutorial, build a toolbar filter and attach it to a table.

> Toolbars can be included to allow a user to manage and manipulate a data set. Data can be presented in any valid presentation, a table, a list, or a data visualization (chart), for example. The PatternFly Toolbar component is a flexible layout system that accommodates a variety of configurations that can be adapted to numerous specific needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toolbars allow users to manage and manipulate a data set. Data can be presented in any valid presentation, a table, a list, or a data visualization (chart), for example. The PatternFly Toolbar component is a flexible layout system that accommodates a variety of configurations that can be adapted to numerous needs.
```
